yes and this is local murder cartwheel
and we're going to you the research for
today we only have to but because heat I
don't have any blood like those things
and I really love you
music so here they're airplanes would be
picking their car what stays sure well
then
all right here's like re right here okay
let's go first with let's go this Mario
Mario hey are you doing alright
how do you tell them hey yeah we're
doing the same thing we're doing were
like just whistle Buttercup this game is
like really good for them and I'm going
to be racing today so okay and here's
Luigi's he's my brother
actually I'm bigger than him because
he's taller than me
sorry about that interruption of the
yelling of my big brother
hello and I'm Luigi okay and I'm going
to be competing in this race today and
and I'm going to win because Luigi is
always number one
Luigi is always number one okay get it
so do better you better tan from me but
because I will win and Lloyd and Mario
will lose all right and now let's go
pick their cups they're going to pick
their cars
but like the standard cart one of the
fastest cars it's super in in Mario Kart
Wii
I like this Clark hey
Oh get you back sorry okay I was I was
east car wildwing this is the this is
one of the fastest cars and art per
tweet and it has the bestest mini circle
so when you drift you have a better
turbo comfortable comfortable
mmm I bet I can drive this all right but
we do put their car so so ok I'm going
through this car then it starts really
fast
wait let's see its horsepower this
horsepower goes up to 400
sorry about that talking it's just like
video over there so I just don't even
think about and now either they okay
the racers are going alright videos here
comes Mario in verse here comes Luigi
alright alright time for the race
Yahoo here comes Luigi in a second
they're competing Mario gets on the 3q
this mr. Q he has a shelf not wrong I
shall it's just the crabby pay but I
just couldn't find any shell so wait so
it's the only thing we wait something
happened are you okay yes Luigi's not so
what is this wait for a break